---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Bind TikTok Account

Add TikTok accounts in the TikMatrix system. Only devices with added accounts can perform specific functions; otherwise, no tasks will be created.

## Accounts Registered but Not Logged In

1. Click the `General` - `Account` - `Add` button on the left sidebar.
2. Enter the email (optional), password (optional), and username (required, must start with `@`).
3. Select a device to log in to the account.
4. Click the `Add` button to save.
5. Select a device and click the `Tk Toolbox` - `Start Login` button.
6. The system will automatically log in the accounts that are not yet logged in on the device. If email verification or CAPTCHA is required, please handle it manually.

### Batch Add Accounts

1. Click the `General` - `Account` - `Batch Add` button on the left sidebar.
2. Enter the content in the format `email##password##username##device`, one account per line. For example, `user1@gmail.com##123##@user1##1`.
3. Click the `Save` button.

## Accounts Registered and Logged In

1. Select a device.
2. Click the `Tk Toolbox` - `Match Account` button.
3. The system will automatically recognize the accounts logged in on the device and add them to the account list.

## Register New Account

Before you start, you need to configure the email list required for registration in the registration settings. The format should be a txt file with one email per line.

- [Easily create and route email addresses with Cloudflare Email Routing](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-email-routing/)
- [Using Catch-All with Cloudflare Email Routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/email-routing/setup/email-routing-addresses/#catch-all-address)

1. Click `General` on the left sidebar, then click the `Register Settings` button.
2. Select Email File, enter the registration password configuration, and click the Save button.
3. Select one or more devices to perform the Register task.
4. Click `TK Toolbox`, then click the `Start Register` button to begin the Register task.
5. The Register task will start, and the accounts will be added to the devices once the task is completed.

<video src="https://r2.tikmatrix.com/register-0506.mp4" controls width="400" height="300"></video>
